I'm not killing anyone. Ever.
Ever, ever, ever.
I am going to kill Teo.
I will come back.
You don't have
any bottled water?
Hello?
ExtraSafe Security.
[ The Overtones' "Sh-Boom"
playing ]
I was right, Mom.
You're the killer.
No way. Are you sure?
You're Miss Scarlett.
With the rope
in the conservatory.
Jacob:
What's a conservatory?
It's a room you grow plants in,
like a -- like a greenhouse.
A greenhouse in your house.
How'd you know that?
Uh, because I work in
the industry.
Also, there are plants
right there.
See? In the conservatory.
Does your new house have
a conservatory?
My new house?
The mansion Javier gave you.
Oh, no.
There's no conservatory.
That's for the best.
Pretty sure you'd end up
killing all the plants anyway.
* Oh, life could be a dream
* If I could take you up
in paradise up above *
Alice: Pretty hard
to kill a cactus, though.
And why are you giving Letty
shit about keeping plants alive?
You've never kept a plant alive
in your life.
Estelle: How would you know?
Rob: Maybe that's why
she married me.
I keep plants alive.
That's what I do.
Women don't marry
for gardening skills.
We marry for money.
Estelle: We also marry for
love and sex, Mom.
You called me "Mom."
You have never
done that before.
Christian: Oh, that's good.
Can I steal that
Alice: Sure.
We're all about stealing.
But I'll make it Letty
who calls you "Mom,"
and you say she's never
done that before.
But that's not true.
Letty calls me Mom.
There was a long time
when I didn't.
Lashever:
Wait just a goddamn minute.
Ah!
I knew that wasn't right.
I knew I was right.
I'm the FBI agent, so it makes
sense that I would be right.
Don't feel bad.
You're not an idiot.
So who did it?
Letty Raines, in the mansion,
with the gun.
**
[ High-pitched ringing
continues ]
Letty.
* Hard time forgiving
* Even harder forgetting
* Before you do something
* You might regret, friend
* Bricks are caving in
* Oh, how sweet this sin
* I left you the keys
* You won't let me in
* Hard time forgiving
* Even harder forgetting
* Before you do something
* You might regret, friend
Letty?
Teo was in the house.
Okay.
He was just...in the house.
He had a gun.
He was about to kill me,
and then...
And then this guy,
t-the security guy,
he walked in,
and Teo killed him,
a-and then I killed Teo
because I knew after
Teo killed the security guy,
he was going to kill me.
So I had to act fast.
Is that true?
I'm done.
You're not. You are here.
I mean, I'm done. I'm out.
What a joke that I ever
thought I could be...
Letty.
I don't belong out here.
I don't belong. I should just
turn myself in.
Or I should...
Everything is just too hard.
No, it's not.
No, just let me do it.
Let me be done.
Just let me be done.
Let me be good at one thing.
I am not going
to let you do that.
**
I'm going to take the gun away
from you right now, okay?
**
Please.
We are going to fix this.
I just murdered two people.
You can't unmurder people.
But you can make them go away.
No, you can't.
No more talking.
I am going to start
cleaning these up.
You don't have to do
anything.
Just stay there until
you feel like helping.
I'm not helping.
I will clean up this mess.
Why bother? Let's just
get out of here.
If we run,
it will never be far enough.
When someone finds the bodies,
they'll come for you.
This house is in your name.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks again.
**
Wait.
My phone is in his pocket.
Can I have it?
You're not calling 9-1-1.
I won't.
I have no idea what you're
going to do right now.
You cannot have your phone.
Can I have the money, then?
Sure.
And my phone.
No.
Be right back.
If you want your phone, you will
have to stand up and get it.
**
You're standing.
Did you call 9
**
Good.
That's his phone.
Don't look at it. Just...
put it in your pocket.
He was supposed to come
tomorrow.
Well, he came today.
**
Should we just...
Fine.
**
And now we clean.
I am so sorry
about all the blood.
**
More than most people.
Obviously.
**
Stop.
Oh, no. No, sorry.
I-I just --
I-I wanted to apologize.
For being so hard to
move around.
I had been trying to
lose weight. I really had.
You ever try Lean Cuisines?
No.
I had to eat, like,
three of 'em
just to get any kind
of satisfaction.
And then, well, that kind of
defeated the purpose.
I guess
it's your problem now.
Oh, I-I'm Brett,
by the way.
I killed you.
Big-time.
I'm sorry. I'm...
I'm gonna turn myself in.
You would never do that.
How do you know?
Because no one punishes you
better than you punish
yourself.
Letty.
You finished cleaning.
Come on. Let's go.
Where?
Some wetlands about
an hour and a half from here.
A lot of empty land
for miles,
so it's a good place
to burn the bodies.
Why do I have to go?
Because we will need a way to
get back after we burn the van.
You're giving me too much
information right now.
I'm just answering
your questions.
Don't worry. I'm in charge.
All you need to do is follow
behind me in the Range Rover.
**
Brett:
Hello? ExtraSafe Security.
What are you doing?
Oh. Good eye.
Just put it...
Here.
This thing needs gas.
Of course it does.
The universe is trying to
make sure I get fucked for this.
Okay.
We will also need to get
burner phones, so it's fine.
**
Wanna see my kids?
Oh, god.
Come on.
I'll show you my kids.
Oh, wait.
You have my phone.
It's in your purse.
Pull it out.
I wanna show you my kids.
I'm good.
My youngest, Laura,
needs a heart transplant.
And now she has no father.
Nathan just got braces.
Kiley has
a learning disability.
I was gonna use my overtime
to get her a special tutor.
Well, that's what
life insurance is for.
You're right. Whew!
But now I can't remember
if I sent the payment in.
I know that I went to
mail the check,
but I got so distracted with
Nathan's heart issues.
Laura.
What?
Laura needs
the heart transplant.
Nathan is the braces.
See how forgetful I am?
I probably forgot
to mail it in.
I'm sure you remembered.
Maybe.
But even if I did,
I bet my wife would rather
have her husband
than a life insurance check.
And I bet my kids would rather
have their dad back.
You're making all of this up.
You would know.
I wonder if Jacob
wants you back.
Please just leave me alone.
**
Why are you smoking?
What?
Are you okay to be driving?
Yeah.
Here. I got burner phones.
I already
put our numbers in.
We should turn
our real phones off now.
What about Brett's phone?
Who?
The security guy.
How do you know his name?
I...
I just named him.
Should I turn off
his phone?
No, leave it on
for awhile.
It's good if it looks like
he drove around a little more.
I turned it off.
I know, but I still
would like to keep it.
**
Shit.
Hi.
License and registration.
Yeah.
And your license.
Oh, shit.
I...I think I left my wallet
at my last appointment.
You know, I took it out to
give 'em my -- my business card.
Shit, I think I must've
left it there.
That's unfortunate, Mister...
Patrick Donnelly.
May I ask why
you pulled me over?
Your left brake light
is out.
Yes.
"I'll handle it."
I love that
he texted you that.
Code for,
"I'm going to kill her."
Blam! Right in her face.
I mean, that is literally
his job.
He's not gonna kill her.
You're right.
He's got so much on his plate
cleaning up your mess,
he probably doesn't wanna
make one of his own.
Why do you sound like
that now?
Like what?
Like a douchebag.
Well,
maybe I was a douchebag.
You had your wife
in your phone as "Honey."
Maybe that's the name of
the stripper I live with.
Honey is
a great stripper name.
Or maybe it is my wife.
And maybe I cheat on her
or I smack her around.
Not anymore.
Right. Thanks to you.
It was an accident.
"It was an accident."
"It's because of my mom."
"Oh, no,
it's because of Sean."
"It's how I was raised."
"It because of the system!"
Shut up.
Isn't it time for you
to admit
that your bullshit
drags everyone down?
You're the worst.
Yeah. Maybe.
But at least I never
murdered anyone.
**
Hi.
One of the brake lights
is out. She let me go.
You should turn his phone
off now. Let's go.
**
This is your chance, dude.
Save Javier by
running away from him.
You'll never see him again,
but it is
the smart thing to do
because then, he would never
have to see you again.
**
Light's green.
[ Tires screeching,
engine revs ]
[ May's "I Could Have Been
Someone" playing ]
**
* Lord, his love
was like a razor *
[ Tires screeching,
horn blares ]
* Cutting up my perfect mind
* God, I paid a price
* I could have been with
someone else *
* I could have been someone
* If it wasn't for you
* And all they put you through
* I wouldn't be fighting for
**
Letty...
Just wait.
Man:
...paramedic.
Letty: Are you okay?
Man: Are you hurt?
No, I'm fine.
You didn't do anything wrong.
There's $4,000 there,
at least.
I'm -- I'm sorry
I got in your way.
I hit you!
**
Letty!
Let me go.
What are you doing?
I make it worse for you!
Make what worse?
Life!
I am always the problem.
Why do you wanna be around me?
Yes, you're a problem,
but so is everyone.
Just let me leave you.
No. We have done that.
And you always come back,
and I always come back.
And we don't have time
for all the steps right now.
Come on.
**
We don't have a way
to get back now.
We'll figure it out. Right?
I miss my phone.
I know.
His name wasn't Brett.
His name was
Patrick Donnelly.
I know.
I had to tell that cop
who pulled me over
that I was Patrick Donnelly.
She believed me.
Why did you wave?
'Cause that's what they do.
It's like, "Hey, bro, we work
for the same company."
You're not a bro. You're in
the passenger seat. Just...
Don't draw attention.
Woman on radio:
Donnelly 34, you there?
Shit.
What?
He has another appointment
at...
10 minutes ago.
Donnelly 34.
They are
lookin' for me now.
Oh, god.
Could I bum a fag?
**
Why did you tell me
your name was Brett?
I don't know. But now that
you know I'm Patrick Donnelly,
you've turned me
into a stereotype.
I sound like
a bloody leprechaun.
They're not gonna find you.
Yeah, they will,
when they find you.
You came on the wrong day,
you know.
Oh, you're gonna try to
blame this on me, are ya?
You're a real piece of work.
So stop hanging out with me.
You think that's up to you?
I don't know which version
of "A Christmas Carol"
you're familiar with,
but the ghosts are in charge.
You're not a ghost,
and I'm not gonna let
some leprechaun ruin my life.
We should stop and get
that brake light fixed
so we don't get
pulled over again.
No, we're not stopping.
We're just getting rid of you.
Woman: Donnelly 34.
Donnelly 34, come in.
Patrick: We should stop
and get that brake light fixed
so we don't get
pulled over again.
You just said that.
What?
We should get it fixed.
Don't stop driving.
Let's just get rid of him.
Them.
**
You know
"A Christmas Carol"?
I know a lot
of Christmas carols.
No, I mean the book.
Or the movie or whatever.
"A Christmas Carol."
Oh, yeah. Sure.
Yeah, the, uh, ghosts.
Right.
Would you say that the ghosts
are in charge?
Woman: Donnelly 34, we've been
trying your cellphone.
You didn't show up
for your last appointment.
Need your 20.
Man: Yeah, this is 62.
I saw van 34
just outside of Vidalia.
Dude had a girl in
the passenger seat.
She was hot.
Man: Donnelly, I don't know
why you're up in Vidalia
or why you're cheatin'
on Melissa,
but you'd better turn around
because if you don't bring
my van back
before the end of the day,
I'm calling the police
and reporting it stolen.
So I killed the guy
and I made it look like
he was cheating on
his wife.
Wait, that's a motive.
The guy was cheating and he ran
away to start a new life.
Or...killed himself
or something.
If the police
ever get involved,
that's the first thing
they'll think.
**
I never
cheated on my wife.
How many miles was that
from the main road?
18, 19.
That's a long way
to walk back.
If you hadn't driven away...
What are you doing?
I have to set up
the bodies to burn.
You didn't bring
lighter fluid?
That will only burn
their skin away,
and then the fire will
go out.
Okay.
I need your, uh, lighter.
**
S-smack it upside down.
Just give it to me.
**
Fuck.
Maybe the van has one of those
push...lighter things.
Nope.
The hole is there for thing,
but the thing isn't there.
Maybe he has flares.
Yes.
No flares.
Of course. I told you.
The universe.
**
Javier: Teo was always gonna
make it difficult.
Up until the very end.
Even in death,
still a total dick.
Thank you for killing him.
You're welcome.
He smokes.
What?
Teo. He smoked.
Let's make them
go away now.
Josh Dillard:
* Let's take a little drive
* To the hills of Ojai
How many people have
you killed?
* Set that city life aside
Why?
I just wanna know.
More than 20?
**
More than 50?
* Old Ojai
I don't know.
Yes, you do.
You keep track of everything.
But I'm not gonna tell you.
* So tell your troubles
all goodbye *
Well, I've killed two.
* Up in old Ojai
I mean,
so I stole some shoes
and did some drugs.
Big deal.
I mean, compared to...
I really wasn't that bad.
I never thought you were.
And I still don't.
I do.
**
I am sorry.
* Up in old Ojai
At least it's over now.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
We can go home now.
No.
I'm never going back there.
**
Police are not looking for us.
The house is clean.
Because we mopped up blood
and burned the bodies,
the house is clean?
Yeah.
We will be fine.
The cleanup was flawless.
Stop saying
the house is clean!
It will never be clean,
not to me.
Okay.
Okay. We don't have to
go back there.
Ever.
Thank you.
We have no money, though.
Every penny went into
the house.
So? I'll sell it.
You can't sell it that fast.
Way too suspicious.
Maybe in a year or two.
This is insane.
I know.
No, I mean, I'm not
walking 20 miles.
Well, we have to.
No, we don't.
You're not calling anyone.
Obviously, I am.
I'm calling Christian.
Letty: That house isn't us.
We could never be the people
who live in that house.
I thought we could.
I know.
It was nice.
But three people were
killed in it
within how many days
of you moving in?
Four.
So, yeah,
we're not the people
who live in that house.
Who are we, then?
I think we're hotel people.
Javier:
Look who he brought.
Well, if it isn't Bonnie
and Mexican Clyde.
Thanks for picking us up.
You're lucky we brought
the Sprinter
as opposed to Christian's
Ford Fiesta
or you'd be stuck out here
in East Bumfuck forever. Hop in.
Christian: What are
you guys doing out here?
Javier wanted to go hiking.
Yeah, there were supposed
to be some nice, uh,
waterfalls out here.
Blah, blah, blah.
Look, I don't care what
brought you two out here.
I don't care if you were
burying dead bodies.
I don't give a shit
because I am no longer
Agent Rhonda Lashever.
Well, who are you?
Just Rhonda.
Rhonda Lashever-Woodhill.
-Retired.
Early, thanks to you two.
Congratulations.
-Thanks, dude.
Where to?
Need an address for the Nav.
Uh, the same house I dropped
Letty off at, right?
Actually, we need to stop
somewhere else first.
Here. I'll --
I'll type it in.
**
Christian: "Letty was done
looking over her shoulder.
"All that ugliness and pain
could fade away
into oblivion now."
-Ha!
Barnes & Noble's gonna put it
in the fantasy section.
"It was time to change paths.
"She was going to
settle down, get a job,
"but she had to start
somewhere.
"A sign came into view.
"It said
'East Carolina University.'
"Letty drove through campus,
"eyeing the students
from behind her sunglasses.
"She parked in front
"of the first
brick building she saw.
"Inside, a tiny woman sat
at a large mahogany desk.
'Excuse me,' Letty asked.
'How do I enroll?'"
The end.
You really want my opinion?
Of course, yes.
Letty would never do that.
But it was really good
up until the end.
**
From East Bumfuck
to West Bumfuck.
You two are really
killin' it.
Thanks.
I don't want you to have to
keep picking me up.
Never a problem.
Well, it is, but okay.
I'll call you when I have
an idea for a better ending.
Okay.
**
So where are we?
Our new car.
Called in a favor from
a friend at the scrap yard.
You know, the place where
we burned the Tesla.
Oh. Ricardo.
Good memory.
It's also where you told me
I didn't have a home.
Well, I tried.
You did.
We have to disappear.
Disappearing is expensive.
No. Not that.
Not right now.
What then?
Where did you put
Teo's cocaine?
**
I hope that's not where
you put the cocaine.
It's not,
but we should leave.
Why? We're just here
to pick something up
from your storage unit.
What's wrong with that?
Woman: Excuse me.
Can I help you?
We just need to pick something
up from our storage unit,
number 32.
Is everything all right?
What number did you say
yours is again?
32. That one right there.
**
All right, go ahead.
Thank you.
Be right back.
Man: Evenin'.
Oh! Sorry. I...
We're just
picking something up.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm good.
What happened over there?
Husband and wife.
Brutal murder.
Jesus.
You must need something
really bad to hit up
your storage unit
at 3:00 in the morning.
Yeah.
We just finished
building a house.
We're moving in tomorrow.
All of my clothes
are in there, so...
Just couldn't wait
till morning, huh?
We've been staying in
a hotel for two weeks,
but my husband thought it would
be a good idea to go camping
on our last night
as some sort of "thing."
Well, it wasn't a good idea.
It was a shit show.
Where's all your
camping stuff?
Exactly. And I have
no clean clothes left.
So now he's getting
my clothes
so he doesn't have to sleep on
the hotel room floor tonight.
And that's why we're here
at 3:00 in the morning.
Good luck with everything
over there.
**
Two people were killed
in there.
I know. That is how
I paid for your house.
So where do you wanna go?
* I'm not in love
* Don't have the touch
* Don't have the time to bend
* Another little church boy's
mind again *
* Mm, mm, mm
It's so hot here.
* Mm, mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm
At least it's a dry heat.
* Mm, mm, mm
How fast do you think
we can sell the cocaine?
In L.A.?
* I'm not the girl you want
Very fast.
* I'm not the debutante
* I'm not a swan,
I'm not a swan *
Plus they have In-N-Out.
* Pretty in a pond
* Mm, mm, mm
* Mm, mm, mm-mm, mm-mm, mm
**